---
permalink: /
title: "Mingyu Chen"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

<div style="margin-bottom: -1px;">
👩🏻‍💻 I’m an undergraduate student in the School of Computer Science and Technology at <a href="http://cs.hitsz.edu.cn/">Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen</a>, advised by Prof. <a href="https://cuiyungao.github.io/">Cuiyun Gao</a> and Prof. <a href="https://yakzhang.github.io/">Yakun Zhang</a>.  I am going to receive my Bachelor’s degree from <a href="http://cs.hitsz.edu.cn/">Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen</a> in June 2026.   I am an incoming Ph.D. student at <a href="https://sds.cuhk.edu.cn/">The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen (CUHK-Shenzhen)</a>, advised by Prof. <a href="https://pinjiahe.github.io/">Pinjia He</a>.
</div>

<div style="margin-bottom: -1px;">
🧠 My research interest focuses on LLM-based code intelligence.
</div>

<div>
📮 While I am still exploring, I am always open to engaging in discussions and collaborations! Feel free to <a href="mailto:mingyuchen8248@gmail.com">contact</a> me!
</div>


## 🔥 News
- *2026.04* 💥💥 My first-author paper, “TraceDev: A Traceability-Driven Multi-Agent Framework for Requirement-to-Code Development” is directly accepted by ISSTA 2026 with an acceptance rate of 9%.
- *2025.03* 💥💥 One Paper “Towards Mitigating API Hallucination in Code Generated by LLMs with Hierarchical Dependency Aware” is accepted by FSE-Industry 2025!

📝 Publications 
------
* **<span style="color: green;">[ISSTA’26]</span>** TraceDev: A Traceability-Driven Multi-Agent Framework for Requirement-to-Code Development
  (**Mingyu Chen**, Yakun Zhang, Zihao Xie, Yixing Luo, Jinrui Xu, Cuiyun Gao, Kaiqi Zhao, Yunming Ye.)

* **<span style="color: green;">[FSE’25]</span>** Towards Mitigating API Hallucination in Code Generated by LLMs with Hierarchical Dependency Aware
  (Yujia Chen, **Mingyu Chen**, Cuiyun Gao*, Zhihan Jiang, Zhongqi Li, Yuchi Ma.)

🏆 Honors and Awards 
------

* *2025.10* 🎓 **Tat-Seng Chua Scholarship**, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen（<font color="gray">Top1%</font>）
* *2025.09* 🎓 **The First-Class Academic Scholarship**, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen（<font color="gray">Top5%</font>）
* *2024.12* 🎓 **National Scholarship**, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen（<font color="gray">Top1%</font>）
* *2024.11* 🎓 **The First-Class Academic Scholarship**, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen（<font color="gray">Top5%</font>）
* *2024.11* 🥈 **National Second Prize**,  "Jiebang Guashuai" in the "Challenge Cup", Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen
* *2024.05* 🏅 **The First Prize**, 15th “Lanqiao” Cup, Guangdong Division
* *2024.02* 🥈 **Honorable Mention**, Mathematical Contest in Modeling
* *2023.11* 🎓 **The First-Class Academic Scholarship**, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen（<font color="gray">Top1%</font>）
* *2023.11* 🥉 **Bronze Medal**, 2023 China Collegiate Programming Contest for Girls
